README.md, before:

# Cosmic Match

Memory games are an entertaining way to improve one's memory, concentration, and attention to detail. Even though it can be as beneficial to small children as to adults, most games are designed for children. 

That's when **Cosmic Match** comes into play. It's a simple memory game that uses star constellations as images to be matched and provides an overall nice feel to the game. Using real star constellation might further enable the player to recognize star constellations in the night sky in real life.

The player is presented with 12 cards turned on their back. When the player clicks on the card, it's front is displayed, which should be memorized by the user to find the matching pairs. Each turn two cards are flipped and either matched or turned back for another try. Goal of the game is to match all cards before the time runs out. 

Cosmic Match - Live website


## Table of Content

1. User Experience (UX) 
    - Goals
        - [User](#user)
        - [Stakeholder](#stakeholder)
    - [User Stories](#user-stories)
    - Design Choices
        - [Layout](#layout)
        - [Colour scheme](#colour-scheme)
        - [Images](#images)
        - [Audio](#audio)
        - [Typography](#typography) 
        - [Icons](#icons)
    - [Accessibility](#accessibility)
    - [Navigation](#navigation)
    - [Wireframes](#wireframes)
1. Features 
    - [Existing features](#existing-features)
    - [Future considerations](#future-considerations)
1. Technologies used
    - [Languages](#languages)
    - [Libraries](#libraries)
    - [Tools](#tools)
1. [Testing](#testing) 
1. Bugs 
    - [Fixed bugs](#fixed-bugs)
    - [Existing bugs](#existing-bugs)
1. Deployment
    - [Deploy project](#deploy-project)
    - [Deployed vs development version](#deployed-vs-development-version)
    - [Run code locally](#run-code-locally)
1. Credits
    - [Media](#media)
    - [Code](#code) 
    - [Acknowledgments](#acknowledgments)
1. [Disclaimer](#disclaimer)
 
## User Experience (UX)

Generally, Cosmic Match intends to provide a seamless user experience by remembering the users' name and preferences as well as by including different features that enhance the gaming experience. 

Furthermore, it rounds off with his responsive and pleasing design, which is adequate for the targeted audience as well as the overall topic of the website. 

### Goals

#### User



#### Stakeholder !!!

### User Stories !!!

### Design Choices

#### Layout !!!

#### Colour scheme !!!

#### Images !!!

#### Audio !!!

#### Typography !!!

#### Icons !!!

### Accessibility !!!

### Navigation !!!

### Wireframes !!!

These wireframes were created using [Balsamiq](https://balsamiq.com/?gclid=CjwKCAjwh472BRAGEiwAvHVfGsly1Nt9bDZCFUTGCc9I8OfaLtSIcxLhm_WX8911ERsm__luBJslTBoCqgQQAvD_BwE) during the design and planning process for this project. They have not been amended since the repository has been created and, therefore, display small differences when compared to the live website.

* [Start page](assets/wireframes/start-page.pdf)
* [Memory game](assets/wireframes/memory-game.pdf)
* [Modal - Instructions](assets/wireframes/instructions.pdf)
* [Modal - Game won](assets/wireframes/game-won.pdf)
* [Modal - Game over](assets/wireframes/game-over.pdf)

## Features

In this section, you should go over the different parts of your project, and describe each in a sentence or so.
 
### Existing Features !!!
- Feature 1 - allows users X to achieve Y, by having them fill out Z
- ...

For some/all of your features, you may choose to reference the specific project files that implement them, although this is entirely optional.

In addition, you may also use this section to discuss plans for additional features to be implemented in the future:

### Future considerations !!!
- Another feature idea

### Future considerations

- **Adding audio to enhance UX**
    - The website should be enhanced with audio effects in the future as this would improve the overall user experience and engage the user more in the game.
    - Appropriate sound effects should be used when clicking on the cards, matching pairs and losing or winning the game. 
    - The sound will be turned on by default, but the user should be presented with an option to toggle it on/off as to his own preference. 
- **Add scoring system**
    - By implementing a scoring system, the user will be more engaged in the game as he tries to improve his personal score. 
    - Both - time and card flips - will be taken into consideration for the score. Matching cards at an earlier stage will score higher points. Furthermore points for the remaining time will be added, as points for the card flips subtracted.
    - The user will further be presented with his personal highscore which will display on the game dashboard and update automatically should he improve himself. 
- **Provide additional information about star constellations**
    - While the player is matching the cards he might ask himself which star constellations he's currently looking at. 
    - The user should have the ability to get more details about each of the star constellation through an magnifying icon in the action items section. Once clicked, it will open a modal that contains the image of each star constellation used, it's name and additional fun facts like e.g. it's overall size. 
    - This will round up the experience for the user and prevent him to leave the website to do some research himself. 

## Technologies Used

### Languages
This project uses **HTML**, **CSS** and **JavaScript**. 

### Libraries
- [Bootstrap](https://getbootstrap.com/): Its grid, components and classes simplify the website structure and add additional responsiveness. 
- [jQuery](https://jquery.com/): This JavaScript library simplifies DOM manipulation.
- [Favicon.io](https://favicon.io/): Provides favicons to improve website recognition and branding.
- [Font Awesome](https://fontawesome.com/): Provides icons to simplify and visualise content and creates a better UX.
- [Google Fonts](https://fonts.google.com/): Used to style the website font.

### Tools

- [Github](https://github.com/): Hosts the project files and was used to deploy the website to Git Pages. Additionally the Githubs Projects Planner was used to plan the project and keep track of any outstanding tasks (see [here](https://github.com/AnabelaLealCosta19/cosmic-match/projects/1)).
- [Gitpod](https://www.gitpod.io/): Provides a developing environment to write code and commit changes to Github.
- [Git](https://git-scm.com/): Used for version control of the project.
- [Balsamiq](https://balsamiq.com/?gclid=CjwKCAjwh472BRAGEiwAvHVfGsly1Nt9bDZCFUTGCc9I8OfaLtSIcxLhm_WX8911ERsm__luBJslTBoCqgQQAvD_BwE): Used in the surface plane (UXD) to plan my project and create wireframes.
- [Paint 3D](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/p/paint-3d/9nblggh5fv99?activetab=pivot:overviewtab): Used to crop background image for each device type devices and to remove star constellations names from cards. 
- [Snipping Tool](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Snipping_Tool): Used to make screenshots and to compare different styles side by side.
- [Chrome DevTools](https://developers.google.com/web/tools/chrome-devtools): Allows styling withing Chrome browser and provides valuable insights when troubleshooting.
- [Unicorn Revealer](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/unicorn-revealer/lmlkphhdlngaicolpmaakfmhplagoaln): Changes styling of website to black and pink to show borders and simplify debugging of overflow. 
- [WhatIsMyScreenResolution](http://whatismyscreenresolution.net/): Determines the screen resolution of your current device (this information helps when troubleshooting with developer tools).
- [Nu HTML Checker](https://validator.w3.org/nu/): Validated my HTML code.
- [W3C CSS Validator](https://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/): Validate my CSS code.
- [Esprima](https://esprima.org/demo/validate.html): Validate my JS code.
- [Diffchecker](https://www.diffchecker.com/): Used to identify mistakes by comparing similar elements of my website (working vs not working).
- [FREEFORMATTER](https://www.freeformatter.com/): Indented my HTML, CSS and JS code.
- [LetterCount](https://www.lettercount.com/): Counted letters of commit messages to ensure they aren't too long.
- [Scribens.com](https://www.scribens.com/): Checked grammar of website and readme content.
- [Am I Responsive](http://ami.responsivedesign.is/): Used to display website across devices for screenshot in product introduction.

## Testing !!!

In this section, you need to convince the assessor that you have conducted enough testing to legitimately believe that the site works well. Essentially, in this part you will want to go over all of your user stories from the UX section and ensure that they all work as intended, with the project providing an easy and straightforward way for the users to achieve their goals.

Whenever it is feasible, prefer to automate your tests, and if you've done so, provide a brief explanation of your approach, link to the test file(s) and explain how to run them.

For any scenarios that have not been automated, test the user stories manually and provide as much detail as is relevant. A particularly useful form for describing your testing process is via scenarios, such as:

1. Contact form:
    1. Go to the "Contact Us" page
    2. Try to submit the empty form and verify that an error message about the required fields appears
    3. Try to submit the form with an invalid email address and verify that a relevant error message appears
    4. Try to submit the form with all inputs valid and verify that a success message appears.

In addition, you should mention in this section how your project looks and works on different browsers and screen sizes.

You should also mention in this section any interesting bugs or problems you discovered during your testing, even if you haven't addressed them yet.

If this section grows too long, you may want to split it off into a separate file and link to it from here.

## Bugs

### Fixed bugs !!!

### Existing bugs !!!

## Deployment

### Deploy project

My project has been deployed to GitHub Pages. To do so, I completed the steps below:

1. Navigated to my repository "cosmic-match"
2. Clicked on **Settings**
3. Under **GitHub Pages**, I used the **Source** drop-down menu and selected "master branch"
4. Clicked on **Save**

Once done, GitHub displayed the following message: "Your site is published at https://anabelalealcosta19.github.io/cosmic-match/". I clicked on the link and could confirm that the website was successfully deployed. 

### Deployed vs development version

My Github Pages site is built from the master brand. All changes have been saved, committed and pushed. Therefore, there should be no differences between the deployed and the development version.  

### Run code locally

To run code locally, the remote Github repository needs to be cloned. Cloning a repository pulls down a full copy of all the repository data that GitHub has at that point, including every file and folder of the project. Changes can be pushed to the remote Github repository at any time.

Find below the necessary steps to be able to run the code locally. The default instructions relate to Windows, any differences for Mac and Linux have been added in brackets. 

#### Cloning a repository using the command line
1. On GitHub, navigate to the main page of the repository.
1. Under the repository name, click **Clone or download**.
1. **Clone with HTTPS**: Click on the clipboard symbol beside the web URL to clone the repository using HTTPS. To clone using a SSH key (or certificate issued by the SSH certificate authority), click **Use SSH** and then the clipboard symbol.
1. Open Git Bash [*Mac & Linux: Open Terminal*].
1. Change the current working directory to the location you want the cloned directory. 
1. Type **git clone** and paste the URL you copied in step 3.
1. Press enter to create the local clone.

#### Cloning a repository to GitHub Desktop
1. Sign in to GitHub and GitHub Desktop before you start to clone.
1. On GitHub, navigate to the main page of the repository.
1. Under the repository name, click **Clone or download**.
1. **Clone with HTTPS**: Click on **Open in Desktop** to clone the repository and open it in GitHub Desktop.
1. Click **"Choose..."** and navigate to a local path where you want to clone the repository.
1. Click **Clone** to create the local clone.

## Credits

### Media

I exclusively used images as media for my website. 

The images used in this project have been obtained from the following sources:

* **Background image:** Free image downloaded from [pxhere](https://pxhere.com/en/photo/115088). To view the image click [here](https://pxhere.com/en/photo/115088).
* **Card images - front:** Vector images purchased at [Creative market](https://creativemarket.com/). To view the specific product click [here](https://creativemarket.com/skyboxcreative/448990-Constellations-Vector-Set#fullscreen).
* **Card images - back:** Telescope vector obtained from [shutterstock](https://www.shutterstock.com/home). To view the image click [here](https://www.shutterstock.com/image-vector/telescope-flat-icon-on-black-background-599913728).

### Code

Code has been used by me from the following sources: 

Language | Effect | Example | Source | URL
-------- | ------ | ------- | ------ | ---
CSS | Vertically align block-level element with unknown height | style.css, lines 34-45 | [CSS tricks](https://css-tricks.com/) | [here](https://css-tricks.com/centering-css-complete-guide/)
CSS | Styling: glowing text | style.css, lines 55-58 | [Free Frontend](https://freefrontend.com/) | [here](https://freefrontend.com/css-glow-text-effects/)
CSS | Flip cards | style.css, lines 204-219 | [FreeCodeCamp (youtube channel)](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC8butISFwT-Wl7EV0hUK0BQ) | [here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZniVgo8U7ek&t=298s)
CSS | Combine several conditions in same media query | style.css, lines 283-303 | [MDN web docs](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/) | [here](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Media_Queries/Using_media_queries)
JS | Disable enter key | game.js, lines 78-82 | [Paulund](https://paulund.co.uk/) | [here](https://paulund.co.uk/how-to-disable-enter-key-on-forms)
JS | Shuffle cards | game.js, lines 93-99 | [FreeCodeCamp (youtube channel)](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC8butISFwT-Wl7EV0hUK0BQ) | [here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZniVgo8U7ek&t=298s)
JS | Define if card if first or second card | game.js, lines 234-253 | [FreeCodeCamp (youtube channel)](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC8butISFwT-Wl7EV0hUK0BQ) | [here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZniVgo8U7ek&t=298s)
JS | Remove last character from id | game.js, lines 268-270 | [Stackoverflow](https://stackoverflow.com/) | [here](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/1794822/remove-last-character-in-id-attribute)
JS | Check if all elements in array have specific class | game.js, lines 297-301 | [Stackoverflow](https://stackoverflow.com/) | [here](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/31962074/jquery-how-to-check-if-all-element-in-array-have-specific-class)
   
### Acknowledgments

While I  decided to create a memory game, I got the inspiration for the overall theme from my partner Glen Harris. He has always been truly fascinated by astronomy and stars in particular. When looking at the different constellations at night, I had the idea to combine this with my second project. 

A special thanks to my mentor [Rahul Lakhanpal](https://github.com/rahulkp220), who has provided me with valuable insights into best practices when building a game as well as writing automated testing. I furthermore want to thank the slack community of Code Institute for reviewing my project and providing me with constructive criticism. 

## Disclaimer

This website has been created for educational purposes only.

Commit message:

Describe targeted users and user goals in ux section (readme)

README.md, after:

# Cosmic Match

Memory games are an entertaining way to improve one's memory, concentration, and attention to detail. Even though it can be as beneficial to small children as to adults, most games are designed for children. 

That's when **Cosmic Match** comes into play. It's a simple memory game that uses star constellations as images to be matched and provides an overall nice feel to the game. Using real star constellation might further enable the player to recognize star constellations in the night sky in real life.

The player is presented with 12 cards turned on their back. When the player clicks on the card, it's front is displayed, which should be memorized by the user to find the matching pairs. Each turn two cards are flipped and either matched or turned back for another try. Goal of the game is to match all cards before the time runs out. 

Cosmic Match - Live website


## Table of Content

1. User Experience (UX) 
    - Goals
        - [User](#user)
        - [Stakeholder](#stakeholder)
    - [User Stories](#user-stories)
    - Design Choices
        - [Layout](#layout)
        - [Colour scheme](#colour-scheme)
        - [Images](#images)
        - [Audio](#audio)
        - [Typography](#typography) 
        - [Icons](#icons)
    - [Accessibility](#accessibility)
    - [Navigation](#navigation)
    - [Wireframes](#wireframes)
1. Features 
    - [Existing features](#existing-features)
    - [Future considerations](#future-considerations)
1. Technologies used
    - [Languages](#languages)
    - [Libraries](#libraries)
    - [Tools](#tools)
1. [Testing](#testing) 
1. Bugs 
    - [Fixed bugs](#fixed-bugs)
    - [Existing bugs](#existing-bugs)
1. Deployment
    - [Deploy project](#deploy-project)
    - [Deployed vs development version](#deployed-vs-development-version)
    - [Run code locally](#run-code-locally)
1. Credits
    - [Media](#media)
    - [Code](#code) 
    - [Acknowledgments](#acknowledgments)
1. [Disclaimer](#disclaimer)
 
## User Experience (UX)

Generally, Cosmic Match intends to provide a seamless user experience by remembering the users' name and preferences as well as by including different features that enhance the gaming experience. 

Furthermore, it rounds off with his responsive and pleasing design, which is adequate for the targeted audience as well as the overall topic of the website. 

### Goals

#### User

Cosmic match targets the following audiance: 
- English speaking
- Age can generally range, although the youngest users are expected to be teenagers
- Diverse audience *(gender, social status, nationality)*, but generally in private/ free time
- Slight to strong interest in astrology

User goals: 
- Is looking for entertainment/ a time waster 
- Wants to play a simple game with little time commitment
- Wants to play a game that is adequate for his age
- *Possibly looking specifically for a memory game to improve memory and concentration*

Cosmic Match fits these goals as it provides a simple memory game with an adequate design for the users' age. Furthermore the time commitment to play Cosmic Match is very little as it can be started as soon as the name and difficulty preference have been submitted. For users that come back, this initial step is further condensed as it remembers the users' preferences. Furthermore each round is very short, with the longest taking 1min 15s. 


#### Stakeholder !!!

### User Stories !!!

### Design Choices

#### Layout !!!

#### Colour scheme !!!

#### Images !!!

#### Audio !!!

#### Typography !!!

#### Icons !!!

### Accessibility !!!

### Navigation !!!

### Wireframes !!!

These wireframes were created using [Balsamiq](https://balsamiq.com/?gclid=CjwKCAjwh472BRAGEiwAvHVfGsly1Nt9bDZCFUTGCc9I8OfaLtSIcxLhm_WX8911ERsm__luBJslTBoCqgQQAvD_BwE) during the design and planning process for this project. They have not been amended since the repository has been created and, therefore, display small differences when compared to the live website.

* [Start page](assets/wireframes/start-page.pdf)
* [Memory game](assets/wireframes/memory-game.pdf)
* [Modal - Instructions](assets/wireframes/instructions.pdf)
* [Modal - Game won](assets/wireframes/game-won.pdf)
* [Modal - Game over](assets/wireframes/game-over.pdf)

## Features

In this section, you should go over the different parts of your project, and describe each in a sentence or so.
 
### Existing Features !!!
- Feature 1 - allows users X to achieve Y, by having them fill out Z
- ...

For some/all of your features, you may choose to reference the specific project files that implement them, although this is entirely optional.

In addition, you may also use this section to discuss plans for additional features to be implemented in the future:

### Future considerations !!!
- Another feature idea

### Future considerations

- **Adding audio to enhance UX**
    - The website should be enhanced with audio effects in the future as this would improve the overall user experience and engage the user more in the game.
    - Appropriate sound effects should be used when clicking on the cards, matching pairs and losing or winning the game. 
    - The sound will be turned on by default, but the user should be presented with an option to toggle it on/off as to his own preference. 
- **Add scoring system**
    - By implementing a scoring system, the user will be more engaged in the game as he tries to improve his personal score. 
    - Both - time and card flips - will be taken into consideration for the score. Matching cards at an earlier stage will score higher points. Furthermore points for the remaining time will be added, as points for the card flips subtracted.
    - The user will further be presented with his personal highscore which will display on the game dashboard and update automatically should he improve himself. 
- **Provide additional information about star constellations**
    - While the player is matching the cards he might ask himself which star constellations he's currently looking at. 
    - The user should have the ability to get more details about each of the star constellation through an magnifying icon in the action items section. Once clicked, it will open a modal that contains the image of each star constellation used, it's name and additional fun facts like e.g. it's overall size. 
    - This will round up the experience for the user and prevent him to leave the website to do some research himself. 

## Technologies Used

### Languages
This project uses **HTML**, **CSS** and **JavaScript**. 

### Libraries
- [Bootstrap](https://getbootstrap.com/): Its grid, components and classes simplify the website structure and add additional responsiveness. 
- [jQuery](https://jquery.com/): This JavaScript library simplifies DOM manipulation.
- [Favicon.io](https://favicon.io/): Provides favicons to improve website recognition and branding.
- [Font Awesome](https://fontawesome.com/): Provides icons to simplify and visualise content and creates a better UX.
- [Google Fonts](https://fonts.google.com/): Used to style the website font.

### Tools

- [Github](https://github.com/): Hosts the project files and was used to deploy the website to Git Pages. Additionally the Githubs Projects Planner was used to plan the project and keep track of any outstanding tasks (see [here](https://github.com/AnabelaLealCosta19/cosmic-match/projects/1)).
- [Gitpod](https://www.gitpod.io/): Provides a developing environment to write code and commit changes to Github.
- [Git](https://git-scm.com/): Used for version control of the project.
- [Balsamiq](https://balsamiq.com/?gclid=CjwKCAjwh472BRAGEiwAvHVfGsly1Nt9bDZCFUTGCc9I8OfaLtSIcxLhm_WX8911ERsm__luBJslTBoCqgQQAvD_BwE): Used in the surface plane (UXD) to plan my project and create wireframes.
- [Paint 3D](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/p/paint-3d/9nblggh5fv99?activetab=pivot:overviewtab): Used to crop background image for each device type devices and to remove star constellations names from cards. 
- [Snipping Tool](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Snipping_Tool): Used to make screenshots and to compare different styles side by side.
- [Chrome DevTools](https://developers.google.com/web/tools/chrome-devtools): Allows styling withing Chrome browser and provides valuable insights when troubleshooting.
- [Unicorn Revealer](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/unicorn-revealer/lmlkphhdlngaicolpmaakfmhplagoaln): Changes styling of website to black and pink to show borders and simplify debugging of overflow. 
- [WhatIsMyScreenResolution](http://whatismyscreenresolution.net/): Determines the screen resolution of your current device (this information helps when troubleshooting with developer tools).
- [Nu HTML Checker](https://validator.w3.org/nu/): Validated my HTML code.
- [W3C CSS Validator](https://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/): Validate my CSS code.
- [Esprima](https://esprima.org/demo/validate.html): Validate my JS code.
- [Diffchecker](https://www.diffchecker.com/): Used to identify mistakes by comparing similar elements of my website (working vs not working).
- [FREEFORMATTER](https://www.freeformatter.com/): Indented my HTML, CSS and JS code.
- [LetterCount](https://www.lettercount.com/): Counted letters of commit messages to ensure they aren't too long.
- [Scribens.com](https://www.scribens.com/): Checked grammar of website and readme content.
- [Am I Responsive](http://ami.responsivedesign.is/): Used to display website across devices for screenshot in product introduction.

## Testing !!!

In this section, you need to convince the assessor that you have conducted enough testing to legitimately believe that the site works well. Essentially, in this part you will want to go over all of your user stories from the UX section and ensure that they all work as intended, with the project providing an easy and straightforward way for the users to achieve their goals.

Whenever it is feasible, prefer to automate your tests, and if you've done so, provide a brief explanation of your approach, link to the test file(s) and explain how to run them.

For any scenarios that have not been automated, test the user stories manually and provide as much detail as is relevant. A particularly useful form for describing your testing process is via scenarios, such as:

1. Contact form:
    1. Go to the "Contact Us" page
    2. Try to submit the empty form and verify that an error message about the required fields appears
    3. Try to submit the form with an invalid email address and verify that a relevant error message appears
    4. Try to submit the form with all inputs valid and verify that a success message appears.

In addition, you should mention in this section how your project looks and works on different browsers and screen sizes.

You should also mention in this section any interesting bugs or problems you discovered during your testing, even if you haven't addressed them yet.

If this section grows too long, you may want to split it off into a separate file and link to it from here.

## Bugs

### Fixed bugs !!!

### Existing bugs !!!

## Deployment

### Deploy project

My project has been deployed to GitHub Pages. To do so, I completed the steps below:

1. Navigated to my repository "cosmic-match"
2. Clicked on **Settings**
3. Under **GitHub Pages**, I used the **Source** drop-down menu and selected "master branch"
4. Clicked on **Save**

Once done, GitHub displayed the following message: "Your site is published at https://anabelalealcosta19.github.io/cosmic-match/". I clicked on the link and could confirm that the website was successfully deployed. 

### Deployed vs development version

My Github Pages site is built from the master brand. All changes have been saved, committed and pushed. Therefore, there should be no differences between the deployed and the development version.  

### Run code locally

To run code locally, the remote Github repository needs to be cloned. Cloning a repository pulls down a full copy of all the repository data that GitHub has at that point, including every file and folder of the project. Changes can be pushed to the remote Github repository at any time.

Find below the necessary steps to be able to run the code locally. The default instructions relate to Windows, any differences for Mac and Linux have been added in brackets. 

#### Cloning a repository using the command line
1. On GitHub, navigate to the main page of the repository.
1. Under the repository name, click **Clone or download**.
1. **Clone with HTTPS**: Click on the clipboard symbol beside the web URL to clone the repository using HTTPS. To clone using a SSH key (or certificate issued by the SSH certificate authority), click **Use SSH** and then the clipboard symbol.
1. Open Git Bash [*Mac & Linux: Open Terminal*].
1. Change the current working directory to the location you want the cloned directory. 
1. Type **git clone** and paste the URL you copied in step 3.
1. Press enter to create the local clone.

#### Cloning a repository to GitHub Desktop
1. Sign in to GitHub and GitHub Desktop before you start to clone.
1. On GitHub, navigate to the main page of the repository.
1. Under the repository name, click **Clone or download**.
1. **Clone with HTTPS**: Click on **Open in Desktop** to clone the repository and open it in GitHub Desktop.
1. Click **"Choose..."** and navigate to a local path where you want to clone the repository.
1. Click **Clone** to create the local clone.

## Credits

### Media

I exclusively used images as media for my website. 

The images used in this project have been obtained from the following sources:

* **Background image:** Free image downloaded from [pxhere](https://pxhere.com/en/photo/115088). To view the image click [here](https://pxhere.com/en/photo/115088).
* **Card images - front:** Vector images purchased at [Creative market](https://creativemarket.com/). To view the specific product click [here](https://creativemarket.com/skyboxcreative/448990-Constellations-Vector-Set#fullscreen).
* **Card images - back:** Telescope vector obtained from [shutterstock](https://www.shutterstock.com/home). To view the image click [here](https://www.shutterstock.com/image-vector/telescope-flat-icon-on-black-background-599913728).

### Code

Code has been used by me from the following sources: 

Language | Effect | Example | Source | URL
-------- | ------ | ------- | ------ | ---
CSS | Vertically align block-level element with unknown height | style.css, lines 34-45 | [CSS tricks](https://css-tricks.com/) | [here](https://css-tricks.com/centering-css-complete-guide/)
CSS | Styling: glowing text | style.css, lines 55-58 | [Free Frontend](https://freefrontend.com/) | [here](https://freefrontend.com/css-glow-text-effects/)
CSS | Flip cards | style.css, lines 204-219 | [FreeCodeCamp (youtube channel)](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC8butISFwT-Wl7EV0hUK0BQ) | [here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZniVgo8U7ek&t=298s)
CSS | Combine several conditions in same media query | style.css, lines 283-303 | [MDN web docs](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/) | [here](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Media_Queries/Using_media_queries)
JS | Disable enter key | game.js, lines 78-82 | [Paulund](https://paulund.co.uk/) | [here](https://paulund.co.uk/how-to-disable-enter-key-on-forms)
JS | Shuffle cards | game.js, lines 93-99 | [FreeCodeCamp (youtube channel)](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC8butISFwT-Wl7EV0hUK0BQ) | [here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZniVgo8U7ek&t=298s)
JS | Define if card if first or second card | game.js, lines 234-253 | [FreeCodeCamp (youtube channel)](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC8butISFwT-Wl7EV0hUK0BQ) | [here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZniVgo8U7ek&t=298s)
JS | Remove last character from id | game.js, lines 268-270 | [Stackoverflow](https://stackoverflow.com/) | [here](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/1794822/remove-last-character-in-id-attribute)
JS | Check if all elements in array have specific class | game.js, lines 297-301 | [Stackoverflow](https://stackoverflow.com/) | [here](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/31962074/jquery-how-to-check-if-all-element-in-array-have-specific-class)
   
### Acknowledgments

While I  decided to create a memory game, I got the inspiration for the overall theme from my partner Glen Harris. He has always been truly fascinated by astronomy and stars in particular. When looking at the different constellations at night, I had the idea to combine this with my second project. 

A special thanks to my mentor [Rahul Lakhanpal](https://github.com/rahulkp220), who has provided me with valuable insights into best practices when building a game as well as writing automated testing. I furthermore want to thank the slack community of Code Institute for reviewing my project and providing me with constructive criticism. 

## Disclaimer

This website has been created for educational purposes only.
